ZTNA APIs [Public Preview] (#21578)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/networkaccess-forwardingprofile-update.md

author: Moti-ba
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: identity-and-access
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update forwardingProfile
Namespace: microsoft.graph.networkaccess

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.forwardingProfile](../resources/networkaccess-forwardingprofile.md) object.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|NetworkAccess.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)| Not supported|
|Application|NetworkAccess.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
PATCH /networkAccess/forwardingProfiles/{forwardingProfileId}
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body
[!INCLUDE [table-intro](../../includes/update-property-table-intro.md)]

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |name|String|name of profile. Required.|
> |associations|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.association](../resources/networkaccess-association.md) collection|Specifies the associated users, groups, devices, and branch locations for a given traffic forwarding profile. Optional.|

Reviewer: Interesting that name is required. Is this true? I thought in PATCH all properties are optional.
I recommend adding the @odata.type statement to future proof when you introduce new associations.
```suggestion
|name|String|Name of profile. Required.|
|associations|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.association](../resources/networkaccess-association.md) collection|Specifies the users, groups, devices, and branch locations that are associated with this traffic forwarding profile. Optional. You must include the **@odata.type** property with a value of the specific association in the body. For example, "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.associatedBranch". |
```
